in the past a business had to hire a web
programmer to make an update their
website and hire a college student to
handle their social networking but now
they can do all this themselves at a
fraction of the cost welcome to wek
sting in plain English
this is Kristen Kristen owns and runs a
small flower shop christine has always
advertised her business in certain
places like the local newspaper the
yellow pages and occasionally on the
local radio station advertising has
always been an effective way of bringing
in new customers and retaining her old
ones but lately it seems like her
advertisements just aren't working as
well it seems like people just aren't
reading the newspapers anymore most
houses don't even have a phone book and
people aren't listening to the radio so
much either but why people are getting
most of their information from one place
the internet Kristin knows that she
should be advertising on the internet
but she gets confused there are so many
different ways that she could do this
should she have a better website a
mobile website for smartphones should
she spend time on Facebook or other
social networking sites maybe Twitter
should she send text messages or mobile
coupons to her customers or purchase
banner ads for exposure on local sites
each one of these is what we call a
social channel the question for business
owners like Kristen is which of these
social channels to spend her time or
resources on then Kristen heard about a
service that makes all of this simple
Wexton from your area code calm Westing
makes it possible to do all of this from
one easy-to-use dashboard Kristen logs
on to her waxing account at your area
code calm chooses a feature like VIP
messages types out what you'd like to
offer and hit center instantly all of
her social channels are updated
including sending text messages to her
customers you see Wexton combines
updating web content and texting and is
only available at your area code calm
Kristen no longer has to worry about
where to commit her resources she just
updates her yak account and lets the
technology work for her so now she can
focus on what she does best which is
selling flowers thanks for watching wex
ting in plain English